if you guys have been following the dojo
I hope you have because it's been taking
up a lot of my life getting those things
translated in writing them for every day
of the week but if you've been following
you know that there are four control
schemes for this game we're going to be
showing you a couple of them today that
you have an experience before we're
going to show classic controller and Wii
Remote and I'll show both of them up
here and then maybe get a couple you
guys come up and fight me but of course
the final version is going to have full
of customizable control schemes so you
know what you guys are playing today of
course be thinking about how you're
going to have your own favorite way to
play once you finally get this in your
hands but beyond even the floor normal
control schemes you're eventually going
to get to the point where you have
something safety your own profile that's
entirely you you know your jump button
your attack button wherever feels most
comfortable for your hands so what we're
going to let you play today it's just a
little taste of course there's eight
zillion modes for this game we've
covered a lot of them on the dojo
adventure mode many of the special
brawls there's really sort of limitless
ways that you can play this game I'm
really do today is I just straight-up
two-minute matches you can just jump
right in play items will be on setting
up there any purists out there who play
with tournament rules were you when you
don't have any items on if that's the
way you like to play you're just gonna
have to suck it up for a day and play
with some items um so let me I'm just
going to jump in and do a couple little
matches here and uh hopefully give you
guys a sense of what's going on so when
you're playing in in classic controller
mode you're going to use control stick
down here to move this is the equivalent
of the c-stick on the game
you the right control stick is so it'll
be quick smashes every direction the
d-pad is taught you'll find that there's
three different taunts I'm sure you guys
will be making good use of them B button
is your the small B button is your
attack button the Y button is your
specialness button and both these are
jump shields the Z triggers are actually
your quick grab but you can of course
grab by shielding and attacking at the
same time as well our shooters of Samus
the pop and anybody out of choice of
where you guys want to see first let's
call it out other all right we'll do uh
just go to straight-up battlefield so
everything will feel pretty familiar to
you if you played a lot of smash you'll
be very used to throwing out smashed
acts as fast as you can this is a you'll
see a lot of items drop this actually is
a gooey bomb which is now is on Mario if
you get one of those on you basically
want to overlap with somebody else if
you can if you can cross over them it'll
stick to them instead all right we got a
pitfall throw that i'm using sway the
dirt i'm gonna get will charge up and
we're probably going to see and
unfortunately is no way i can actually
physically spawn it to make my demo
really awesome is the appearance of a
Smash Ball hopefully want to show up
here and Smash Ball the key you've heard
before seem that the final smash that
gets on the least when you get one of
these smash balls but the mechanic of
them is really interesting actually
though they appear on screen and start
floating around sort of randomly and 0
is no sister over here see that's the
advanced walkers so a Smash Ball
basically appear on screen hopefully
everyone
and you don't just automatically crab oh
there's nothing in there terrible what
happens is they'll float around and you
really just have that Holy One so you
have to pound on it for a while before
they actually release their goodness so
you're madly chasing around everybody
else on screen and if you're right there
when it appeared then you get it and
then all you have to do is hit your
special move button to unleash it which
he's not okay there he is yes enjoy that
and with Sammis of course she turns into
zero suit samus right afterwards
different final smashes have different
effects I mean some of them are
automatically just going to rain
absolute terror down on everyone others
you actually have to do stuff that
particular one I had to get lined up on
the side of the screen make sure that he
was going to be in my horizontal path
and then unleash it there no you
actually could see her pieces of her
armor fell off there you can pick those
up and hop them around a piece all right
we do to what off this thing out let me
show you one with just the we're about
and this will depending on your guys
experience this you may love this and
you guys may not like this is a if
you're a seasoned smat then certainly
gonna feel very different you because
you're used to playing with a control
stickers playing with a lot of buttons
and we were really really simplifies
things and actually in my mind is sort
of it takes me back to NES days because
you're doing a lot of the similar
movements I move around with the d-pad
double tap to dash so again it's sort of
similar to old school fighters attack is
to special attack is one your shoe bun
is actually under here so that's the
thing that's going to take the most
getting used to I think for a lot of you
guys on your basically tapping it with
your middle finger on the size your
hands grab can be minus button or again
it can be the shield button man
same time let's do
with
I ultrasonic and they're just to show
you guys sonic is actually really hard
to control he's really really fast so
you guys who like playing fox or Falco
in that in the old game really going to
enjoy him he's really really high speed
character as you would expect alright
what's often
the plan is length so weak as I is
boomerang in his model is the twilight
princess model so he of course has
fought beside himself a gale boomerang
it actually closed characters back over
towards you once you use it as heroes
bow he's got his bombs just chasing down
Sonic is sometimes head one of the other
changes for links model is that you can
actually charge out kids up and be this
is actually a really cool level this is
the Star Fox plea these level and as you
can see we're basically shooting through
these wormholes and random way you'll be
in the middle of a battle you'll be in
the middle you'll be on Cornelius
surface well oh that's not good home run
bat is actually really is a little bit
different in this one as well it has
unique animations for each character
it's really cool oh it's not I just got
a small mushroom which is of course not
good
oh that's not good either you just
unleashed Armageddon up there I was a
smartphone remover and again most same
rules apply I mean you're basically
playing king of the hill so you really
just getting knocked off isn't gonna
isn't going to do you in you need to
always try to get back to the matter
what you do oh no all right so he got my
Smash Ball and now he's super sonic
which means you can just fly around a
basement probably at will oh it's always
bad when the computer AI totally steals
your thunder in a demo but so I'm dad's
computer here is smarter than I on what
goes